Please add to Miscellaneous Section of Dedicated Reserve Contract between ENA 
and Hurley.

10.7?? Seller's Representative:  Seller does hereby appoint Cutter Oil 
Company as its agent and third party representative under the Contract (the 
"Seller's Representative") and does hereby authorize such Seller's 
Representative to give and receive all notices, to make and witness any tests 
to be made of the gas and measuring equipment and adjustments to such 
equipment; to receive statements for gas delivered or to be paid for 
hereunder; to make and receive any and all pipeline nominations for gas to be 
delivered hereunder; to receive and receipt for payments made or to be made; 
to give and receive changes on quantities of gas to be delivered; to furnish 
Buyer allocations upon which Buyer may make any and all payments due Seller; 
to adjust any mechanical difference that may arise between Buyer and Seller 
with respect to measurements, billing and payments made or to be made, the 
allowance of credits and any undercharge or overcharge with respect to such 
difference; and to otherwise perform Seller's obligations under the 
Contract.  No appointment of the Seller's Representative will discharge 
Seller of its obligations hereunder and Seller shall indemnify, defend and 
hold harmless Buyer from any claims, damages or losses, including, without 
limitation, attorney's fees, made as result of any act or omission to act of 
the Seller's Representative WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CAUSE OR CAUSES RELATED 
THERETO, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY PARTY, WHETHER 
SUCH NEGLIGENCE BE SOLE, JOINT OR CONCURRENT, OR ACTIVE OR PASSIVE.
