Mark:
I'm looking forward to seeing you on the 21st and getting somewhat caught 
up.  I thought that it might be helpful to you to let you know what I have 
been thinking about in terms of work, although I would ask that you keep this 
confidential until we have had a chance to talk further and make some 
decisions.

First, if I do return to work, it will not be until sometime in January and 
you and I can talk about a date that makes sense.  I think that this is 
consistent with what we had talked about before I left.

Second, I would like for you to give some thought to the idea of me working 
part-time for a period of time.  Bill and I have talked about this alot, and 
I feel that I need some time at the outset to make the transition from what I 
have been doing to going back to work.  We can discuss further what this 
means, but I really feel that it would not be good for me or my family for me 
to start off working full time.

Next, I would like to talk with you about what my responsibilities would be 
in the swap group if I return and have a clearer understanding of the areas 
in which you would want me to work, particularly now that we have more 
people.     I know that alot of chnages have occurred in the last few months 
and I'm hoping that there are specific work areas that I could devote my 
attention to.

Those are my thoughts for now.  As for my office, I really don't care where 
it is or how large it is so just do what you need to do.  I hope that you are 
doing well and I'm really looking forward to seeing you.  I will bring 
pictures of Charles.  He is doing great!  Take care. 

Carol St. Clair


EB 3892
713-853-3989 (Phone)
713-646-3393 (Fax)
carol.st.clair@enron.com
