Tim, please provide Jana with your choice of person ASAP.

Regards
Delainey
---------------------- Forwarded by David W Delainey/HOU/ECT on 10/12/2000 
06:35 PM ---------------------------
   
	
	
	From:  Jana Giovannini                           10/12/2000 02:44 PM
	

To: David W Delainey/HOU/ECT@ECT
cc: Charlene Jackson/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Shelly Butler/HOU/ECT@ECT, Julie 
Braly/NA/Enron@ENRON, David Oxley/HOU/ECT@ECT, Teresa 
Bosien/HR/Corp/Enron@ENRON, Janet R Dietrich/HOU/ECT@ECT 
Subject: PRC Rep and Pre-rating meeting

Dave,
I am following up on the voicemail I left you on Thursday October 5th, 
requesting a recommendation for a Director to represent Analysts at the final 
2000 PRC.  Due to promotions and additions to the Associate and Analyst 
Programs, we have an additional slot for the Analyst PRC that we would like 
to fill with an ENA participant.  This will keep the distribution throughout 
the business units equitable.  I understand from Charlene that you have asked 
Janet Dietrich to nominate the PRC Rep.

We would like to finalize this by Friday, October 13th in order to load the 
PEP system and communicate to the A/A pool members.  Please forward your 
choice for ENA representation to me by this date or contact me to discuss.

Also, I know that there have been discussions between Terry Bosien, David 
Oxley, Andrea Yowman and others to schedule ENA's pre-rating meeting prior to 
the final A/A PRC which has been scheduled for December 12th and 13th.  We 
must have the pre-ratings loaded into the PEP system prior to these dates and 
hope they can be final by November 30th.  These results are imperative to a 
successful cross-calibration in the final PRC meeting.  We already have dates 
set for the EES and ESA meetings.  I will be glad to attend the Associate and 
Analyst piece of ENA's PRC meetings to assist in facilitation.  Please advise 
when the ENA pre-rating meeting is scheduled.  Thank you for your cooperation.


